I enjoyed associating with Jehovah's Witnesses.
Later I also started to study the Bible.
I knew that I had to make drastic changes in my life,
but my job prevented me from doing so.
So I asked myself,
what would I like to do with my life?
I began studying the Bible again with a couple,
and one month later started attending meetings regularly.
Since our parents had stopped studying,
only three of us went to the meetings.
Jehovah could do a lot with you.
Jehovah, you know, your whole perspective can change.
I knew if I applied what I learned, Jehovah would not let me down.
To strengthen my relationship with Jehovah,
I read the Bible daily and I pray.
My relationship with Jehovah has gotten stronger.
When I pray now, it feels like I'm talking to my close friend.
Going on service more, I think it really helped me
to draw closer to Jehovah and making the kingdom feel real to me,
and so that's why I wanted to get baptized.
What a great pleasure it was for me,
when foremost later, I could dedicate myself to Jehovah
and get baptized.
That made me so happy.
Today is a very, very special day for me,
because today I'm getting baptized.
At the regional convention, August 9th, 2014,
it was a beautiful day.
Now, when I think about my three children who got baptized today,
I feel my heart is full of joy,
and I really thank Jehovah.
Yeah, it's not a day I don't go thank Jehovah
for taking me out of the darkness.
If we are determined to be loyal to Jehovah,
and we have the courage to remain chased,
well, we won't have any regrets.
To know that you have a Heavenly Father,
that care about you,
that was the best feeling on earth.
I often think, God, is it true?
Is it real?
Do I really deserve to have all these blessings?
All these blessings have helped me to see
that this life provides true satisfaction and true happiness.
The important quality that Jehovah has told me is love.
I felt that love from my family, from Jehovah,
from my friends.
I learned that we talk to love people,
and that's what we're supposed to do.
Working closely with Jehovah,
I really feel part of his family.
When you give your faith to Jehovah,
you're giving your life to him.
He's permitted these things to come upon me.
I knew that, but he protected me.
When I meditate and think about what Jehovah has done for me
and Leile, I don't have to be afraid.
Jehovah is my secure refuge,
because life's may change,
but Jehovah does not change.
Jehovah was the best decision I have made in my life.